Hi guys,

You don't have to read this letter, but I hope that you do. It is admirable and understandable to show support for Lucy by de-friending me. I hold no ill will from your actions. I and Lucy have been seperated since June 2010. I filed for divorce in October 2010 after realizing she had no intention of coming back. I did it because it was the only way I would be able to see Keira, our baby, on a regular basis. She and her mother did not trust me with Keira, and up to that point denied me unsupervised access to Keira, and told me I could see her anytime I wanted.  I could spend time with Keira, but could not take her away from their line-of-sight.

I took legal measures to insure I could see her and take her places without them being present.  Because even when we pre-arranged my visits, Lucy and her mother would arbitrarily cancel them without reason.  Lucy was not willing to let me be alone with Keira.  And now, months after the October 21st 2010 temporary orders have been in place, I have had 13 unsupervised hours a week with Keira, but Lucy is highly protective of Keira, won't allow anyone outside of her immediate family to care for her, especially me, the father of the child. We discussed day care and she was against it. We discussed a house maid, but she didn't want a stranger in the house.  We discussed my family coming to live with us to help, she didn't want strangers in the house. We discussed her mother living with us, her mother didn't want to. So now, Lucy and Keira are living with Lucy's mother. Lucy works while her mother takes care of Keira.

I believe she asked you to de-friend me to prevent me from knowing when you guys have practice and gigs. I asked to have Keira during these times due to your forthcoming gig on March 19th. Her reaction was very negative. She locked me out of her facebook account where I had initially read about the gig and subsequently sent the email you've all received by now. I know more about her facebook account now as a casual browser than as her 'friend'.  

Please let me know when you guys are having practices and gigs, I'd like to be able to spend more time with my baby.

Thanks,