>Why isn’t the American side responding? 
>Why aren’t the Americans getting ready? 
>We have been seduced by a series of comforting illusions. 

Because we've cornered the Russians and are building a missile base on their former buffer states when we promised not to? Because we're still waging a cold war with them, only this time, with a warm face? Because we are the instigators and don't need to respond since we are the catalysts?








>Not trying to ruffle feathers or start fights 

too late.

>...nobody get offended...

offended and annoyed, at the American education system, ranked 26th(?) in the world.
not too shabby, for an industrialized 1st World power, but utterly shabby.


>>"The bees are dying off, the glaciers are melting." 
>– this is comical!!  Talk about ill-informed.  

That was rude. I don't care if you ever retract that statement.
It has done what it was intended. Offended me.

Directed to someone you've never met, and has never met you, you sure know how to make an introduction.
It's no wonder people don't talk about this stuff. When ignorant people laugh and insult, instead of advise and inform, what do you get? Instant animosity and subsequent retribution. 
I will attempt to educate you since no one else has, including yourself. (that was an insult.)



So what is your point? That Global Warming is a hoax? 
It is not a hoax, as supporters/dependants of the oil industry would have you believe.

Global warming is not going to end the world. It just means people will adapt and move to higher ground.

Call me "self-righteous" and "narcissitic" if you choose, even 'condescending' if you prefer.

But, I'm pretty sure the glaciers are melting around the world and will be causing water shortages to regions that need them (http://news.bbc.co.uk/2/hi/science/nature/6310869.stm, et al). Something about the thermohaline stream, aka gulf stream, not flowing properly. I'm also pretty sure that bees are dying at unprecedented levels in recent years, which will impact crops and the consumers/beneficiaries of the crops. (http://www.cosmosmagazine.com/node/1087) Almonds are just an example. I find it hard to believe that hundreds of scientists would think that the bees aren't dying, and that glaciers are not melting. I don't find it funny and I don't believe I'm ill-informed.

I'm also certain that, as the human race grows, and, as it has grown, it will change its environment to suit its needs. Whole forests have been depleted by human actions (Easter Island's Collapse is a good example, google it). Humans may not be adding CO2 to the air from exhaling and contributing to the greenhouse effect to any measure, but i'm pretty sure their numerous cars and other activities are doing it for them. Nature has always released/generated CO2 over time, but now, its compounded by human populations/pollutions, and very likely, accelerating a natural cycle. Urbanization and deforestation are key factors. How can anyone say humans are not having an impact on Earth's environment? I'm not joking and I don't find it funny. I don't believe we should give up our cars, but I think we should build and live "smarter". Hundreds of scientists may say its a hoax, but thousands more will say otherwise, outside the US. Industrial farming caused the "Dust Bowl" in Midwest America, imagine what we can do with 100s of thousands of cars? Heat up many rooms with a lot of fumes, which goes where? How educated are Americans, again? Relative to the rest of the world?

Even CFCs, at one time, impacted the ozone layer until controls were put in place to reduce the damage. I'm sure there were many fence-sitters (like you, Clayton) back then who couldn't connect, how a few thousand air conditioners could damage something so high in the air. I'm sure they blamed it on the jealous French, who didn't have any A/C, and wanted the Americans to stop using them. And what was the solution? Replacement of the chemical used in A/C and other use, by legislation. Building and living "smarter"? Did we have to give up A/C to keep the ozone layer?

A large volcano may have ultimately destroyed the planet Mars' environment in its distant past, therefore it is potentially possible that a runaway volcano on planet Earth can do the same. But, if we know what excessive CO2 will do to the environment, shouldn't we do or say something about it, to educate those who choose to be ignorant of it? 


"The world was flat" at one time in Earth's history. But that was only because the Romans killed everyone who didn't submit tribute (taxes) and the Catholics burned everyone who didn't agree with them. Nevermind that Greek/Egyptian philosophers/scientists (Ptolemy?) had already believed that the world was round. Chris Columbus had an idea that the world was round due to his connections with old knowledge, forbidden by the church for its heretical origins. What Galileo and Kepler(?) could prove, they dared not speak publicly about, for fear of being persecuted. It took hundreds of years to correct what the Roman Catholics had indoctrinated and inoculated against. Knowledge. A few people said it, many ignored it, and did not bother to pursue it.

In this information age, "The truth is out there", if you choose to pursue it. We have the facts. We are all allowed to draw our own conclusions. Google it. Even though many congressional + mainstream media pundits have (in the recent past) lauded the use of the Internet as inaccurate, to deny the truth, and have previously stated it was not a good source of information, time has shown otherwise, and MSM conveniently "forgets" that it said otherwise. Would you believe, that even the News, was ruled by the Florida Supreme court (which set the precedent), is considered entertainment? What does that tell you about News corporations? Do you like being lied to? Or only misled? 


>"We can't look at weather change and automatically assume that humans cause it."

Generally speaking, that would be a true statement. However, it's the humidity levels, influenced by Global Warming/climate change, which can modify weather's intensity.
Humans are a factor, not the cause. Unless you count Thomas Bearden, HAARP, and dry ice.
i mean, many unusual weather events have occurred in the last few years,
	1) the northeast USA has experienced a late winter, or was that winter in spring?
	2) a cat3, no cat4, no Cat3, no Cat5 hurricane drowned a city (Katrina/Rita),
	3) hurricane occurs in the southern hemispere, 1st of its kind,
	4) hurricane born in Gulf of Mexico and moves to Atlantic?,
	5) hundreds of tornadoes in 2 days in Oklahoma?
	6) underwater earthquakes causing tidal waves that erase islands and villages? (Xmas 2004/5?)
	7) a snowless winter for Tokyo? what latitude are they in? 1st time ever.

Humans didn't "cause" any of these weather anomalies. But could it be a "Butterfly Effect"?
what causes weather? Find the root cause, the factors, and you'll find answers. 
Humans are a big factor, not the cause.



>Why is Gore, simply because he's rich, permitted to be a mega polluter?  T

i don't completely agree with him either, but neither am i a multi-millionaire who can afford multiple homes, and poised to be profitable in the Global Warming reduction business. But I'm sure if I were a millionaire, I wouldn't bother making an award winning movie to educate people about the environment. And I'm sure if I had a big house or two, I'd easily have $1k elec bills. Instead, I have a 3 bedroom house and pay about $200 for elec in summer.
My wife's family's house, $500/month, its a big house. You want to accuse me of not doing more for the environment? I'm wasting my time telling you about it, should i bother? Remain apathetic? A pathetic? Ignorant? Arrogantly? Let someone else worry about it? 

Want to tell me something stupid like, "you're such a hypocrit, if you cared so much about the environment, why don't you spend less on electricity and walk to work,". That's what counterproductive mouthpieces tell others to do. We all live on this planet, we should consider what needs to be done to address the issue. Much like how the CFC issue was resolved. Instead, they attack the messengers for being hypocrits. Weak.


>Buying, selling, and trading credits are not going to solve the air pollution problem, 
>the big polluters will continue to pollute because they will just buy the credits they need to
>cover their asses.  Case and point:  Al Gore. 

very much agreed. I don't agree with Gore completely, but he's got some valid points, even if credits weren't his idea. I don't like the republicans or democrats. both lie. Clinton lied about a hummer and very likely made a move on Paula. Bush lied and we're down a trillion or two, and give or take 3000 lives. 


And yet, there are so many un-informed, "smart" people who just don't know any better because they didn't bother to read the literature out there that prepare you to grasp what's going on and how things work. I bet, if you (Clayton) were living in the 1800's, i wager you would have a hard time believing that washing your hands had anything to do with spreading the flu. Not until a couple thousand people died of a flu pandemic and one of the factors was thought to be lack of hygiene, would you possibly consider taking any precautions because it would be in its "development stages". I thought the Global Warming alarm was raised in the late 80's/early 90's.

How many deaths will it take for you to realize what scientists (smarter than the oil-fueled, American shills) have theorized? What does wiping your ass have anything to do with the climate? Nothing. Don't worry about it. As you were. It's all a hoax anyway. Inhofe was right, it was a con game. All politicians lie anyway.</sarcasm>


